Write about known issues (#176)
TheBevyFlock/bevy_quickstart: docs/known-issues.md

# Known Issues

> ## My game window is flickering white for a split second on native when I start the game

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## My game window is flashing white for a split second when I start the game on native
```

The game window is created before the GPU is ready to render everything.
This means that it will start with a white screen for a little bit.

> The workaround is to [start the Window invisible](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/release-0.14.0/examples/window/window_settings.rs#L29-L32)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workaround is to [spawn the Window hidden](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/release-0.14.0/examples/window/window_settings.rs#L29-L32)
```

> and then [make it visible after an arbitrary amount of frames](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/release-0.14.0/examples/window/window_settings.rs#L56-L64).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then [make it visible after a few frames](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/release-0.14.0/examples/window/window_settings.rs#L56-L64).
```

## My character or camera is not moving smoothly

> A character not moving smoothly is often caused by the movement updates being tied to the frame rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choppy movement is often caused by movement updates being tied to the frame rate.
```

See the [physics_in_fixed_timestep](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/main/examples/movement/physics_in_fixed_timestep.rs) example
for how to fix this.

A camera not moving smoothly is pretty much always caused by the camera position being tied too tightly to the character's position.
To give the camera some inertia, use the [`smooth_nudge`](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/main/examples/movement/smooth_follow.rs#L127-L142)
to interpolate the camera position towards its target position.

> ## My audio is stuttering on web

Reviewer: I'd put this one first since it's the biggest issue.

Author: [`726758a` (#176)](https://github.com/TheBevyFlock/bevy_quickstart/pull/176/commits/726758acca0ff344150a61c1d7c71f4624073c85)

> There are a number of issues with audio on web, so this is not an exhaustive list. The short version is that you can try the following:

Reviewer: Also see: https://discord.com/channels/691052431525675048/750833140746158140/1190610736922251344.

Author: [`0988a39` (#176)](https://github.com/TheBevyFlock/bevy_quickstart/pull/176/commits/0988a391f6e3b55cc422498ff5468988bf43f97c)

- If you use materials, make sure to force render pipelines to [load at the start of the game](https://github.com/rparrett/bevy_pipelines_ready/blob/main/src/lib.rs).
- Keep the FPS high.

> - Don't play on Firefox.

Reviewer: This isn't really actionable advice for the developer of a game. This should instead read as "advise your users to play on Chrome" or something.

Author: [`866fc97` (#176)](https://github.com/TheBevyFlock/bevy_quickstart/pull/176/commits/866fc975a443f00ea52e4d2c03b61a048a6660d1)
